>> Melkey: For loops and
go, are relatively simple.
I would say, there's a few gushes here,
but we can use the for keyword.
So I'm gonna show you one
way to create a for loop.
We can use the for keyword, and then
we're gonna create a variable in scope I.
I'm gonna set I to 0, and
then it's going to be the condition of I,
which will be evaluating
on every iteration.
Say so, while i is less than 5
could be a way of phrasing this and
then the increment.
So, we wanna increase I per
iteration in the for loop, okay?
And here, we can just say format
print line say this is I, okay?
So if I run this, you can see
we have this is I 0, 1, 2, 3, 4.
>> Melkey: We do have a recommendation
from the compiler to change this.
We're gonna ignore this for now.
We will look into this,
but I just wanna show kind
of all the states of a for
loop, I suppose.
While loops, I'm assuming everyone is
aware of the while loop they've used
while loop probably like a keyword,
while something like Python I
think has the while keyword.
I think, maybe I'm wrong, but
typically language may have a while loop.
So Go doesn't have a while keyword,
this does not exist.
To do a while loop and Go,
it's simply a for loop, okay?
So let's say we have this
variable called counter.
We can set counter to 0,
and then for a while loop.
It's simply just for counter and,
essentially the condition
of the while loop.
So, this basically saying while counter,
less than 3.
So we just use the for loop instead.
Now, careful if you run this like so,
you can have an infinite loop.
So always add the conditions we can
do counter ++ which will increment
our counter to make sure it
adhere to the while loop.
And if you want you can do fmt.Println(
"this is the counter") to visualize
what that is.
You don't have to do this,
am gonna write here.
You can see we have our first loop,
this is the for loop right here.
And then we have the while loop down here.
In go, this is also valid just this.
If you just put a for
loop like this this is going to work.
This is an infinite loop,
this is an explicit infinite loop.
It's designed for
the case where you need one.
I say that loosely because you'd
want to have a break, right?
You typically have this
infinite loop running, running,
running until some condition is met, and
then you have break to break the for
loop cuz you don't want something to run,
I guess, infinitely.
Maybe in some cases you do, but
this is how you do an infinite loop.
So, for this, again, simple,
similar to the counter up above,
you can do iterations=0.
Put that into the for loop.
You can say if iterations
is greater than 3,
we can break, right?
And then right here,
we can just put iterations plus plus and
we can print it as well.
So that's gonna be a way for
us to use infinite for
loops without having to
actually brick our computer.
And there's also the continue
keyword as well in for loop.
So we have break, we also have continue.
So if a condition is met,
you can continue through the for loop.
But these are, I would say,
pretty basic interest to looping,